SynthStroke 

This is a software project I worked on for my Senior Design course at CSUN. It is a software synthesizer built using JSyn, an audio synthesis software API for Java: http://www.softsynth.com/jsyn/. The idea for the project was to create a software synthesizer which featured fully-drawable canvases as modulation sources. In short, the canvas works similar to an evelope: the y-axis represents modulation depth, and the x-axis represents time. Users can can create unique modulation curves by drawing on the canvas with their mouse.

TO USE:
Run the Main.java file to start the synth. The synthesizer emits a sawtooth wave, which can be triggered either by pressing the "Play" button, by clicking a key on the on-screen keyboard, or through a connected MIDI device. The spinner in the lower right-hand corner of the GUI determines the length of the sound in seconds. The spinner in the lower left-hand corner determines the pitch of the note in hertz when it is triggered by the "Play" button (this does not affect the pitch of notes played by the keyboard). The synthesizer has three canvases: one for pitch (Pitch), one for a lowpass filter (Filter), and one for amplitude (Amp). Canvases can be toggled by selecting the tabs with the corresponding names. To draw a modulation curve, click and drag the mouse on a canvas. The upper half of the canvas represents positive modulation values, the lower half of the canvas represents negative modulation values, and the horizontal line halfway through the canvas represents no modulation. To clear a canvas, press the "Clear" button. To the upper-right of the canvas are selectable waveforms such as sine, square, and triangle which can be automatically loaded onto a canvas. A sound can be exported as a .wav file by pressing the "Export" button. The sound will be exported at the pitch determined by the pitch spinner in the lower left-hand corner.
